**Type Name:** `snow.data.DataDef.PlWeaponActionId`

**Key**                       |    **ID** | **Name**                                                       | **Description**
 ---------------------------- | --------- | -------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`ActionId_None`               |         0 | **##### Invalid Message ID #####**                             | `##### Invalid Message ID #####`
`ActionId_000`                |         1 | **Tackle**                                                     | `A shoulder thrust that withstands all attacks. Prevents knockbacks as well as getting knocked down, making it useful for standing your ground while charging.`
`ActionId_001`                |         2 | **Guard Tackle**                                               | `A forward-dashing attack using the flat side of the blade. More cumbersome than your standard tackle, but strong and allows you to guard. A successful Guard can be followed up with a powerful Charged Attack.`
`ActionId_002`                |         3 | **Hunting Edge**                                               | `A daring aerial attack, using a Wirebug to fly up for a hefty Roundslash. If the attack connects, the hunter bounces upward and transitions directly into the next Charged Slash attack, forming the crux of this attack. (Wirebug Gauge recovery speed: Fast)`
`ActionId_003`                |         4 | **Adamant Charged Slash**                                      | `A technique using a Wirebug to dash forward, and deliver a Strong Charged Slash. Also allows you to withstand knockdown attacks by hardening your body as you dash forth. (Wirebug Gauge recovery speed: Medium)`
`ActionId_004`                |         5 | **True Charged Slash**                                         | `A devastating Charged Slash attack delivering extensive damage, striking twice by making a large swing with the weapon. By striking the monster's softer weak spot with the first strike, the second strike deals additional damage.`
`ActionId_005`                |         6 | **Rage Slash**                                                 | `A strike from a unique stance. While it does not match the power of a True Charged Slash, receiving damage while the weapon is drawn sparks a flame in the user's heart, strengthening their attack.`
`ActionId_006`                |         7 | **Step Slash**                                                 | `A top-down slash while moving forward. The blade takes a vertical path, making it a useful technique when aiming up high.`
`ActionId_007`                |         8 | **Drawn Double Slash**                                         | `A drawn attack that unleashes a vertical then horizontal slash. As you move forward, you're able to absorb a hit while attacking. Although it deals more damage than a Step Slash, there are few attacks that you can use to follow up. Use at your discretion.`
`ActionId_008`                |         9 | **Soaring Kick**                                               | `A quick Wirebug-induced jump kick. A missed kick ends the attack with a single slash, while a successful kick can be followed with one of two moves. The Plunging Thrust increases Spirit Gauge, while the Spirit Helm Breaker reduces the Spirit Gauge by one level. (Wirebug Gauge recovery speed: Medium)`
`ActionId_009`                |        10 | **Silkbind Sakura Slash**                                      | `A whirlwind-like attack, dashing and slicing past the target with a Wirebug. The hit causes multiple lacerations over time, inducing additional damage. The hit raises the Spirit Gauge by 1. (Wirebug Gauge recovery speed: Slow)`
`ActionId_010`                |        11 | **Spirit Roundslash Combo**                                    | `Changes into a Spirit Blade on its third strike and onwards. Follows from a Spirit Blade III into a Spirit Roundslash. A basic Spirit Blade combo. Easy to hit the target while damaging any other enemies close by.`
`ActionId_011`                |        12 | **Spirit Reckoning Combo**                                     | `Changes into a Spirit Blade on its third strike and onwards. Dividing Slash > Spirit Reckoning. A Spirit Blade combo belonging to an offshoot combat style. Difficult to use, but has enough power to make up for this shortfall.`
`ActionId_012`                |        13 | **Hard Basher Combo**                                          | `A derivative of the Shield Slam. Shield Bash > Hard Bash. A melee attack using nothing but a shield. A direct hit to the head, however, may open up more opportunities.`
`ActionId_013`                |        14 | **Drill Slash Combo**                                          | `A derivative of the Shield Slam. Thrust > Drill Slash. The Drill Slash is a multi-hit attack with tremendous potential when combined with an elemental weapon.`
`ActionId_014`                |        15 | **Advancing Slash**                                            | `A drawn attack where you perform a downward slash while stepping forward. A quick and effective action that negates staggering and knockbacks.`
`ActionId_015`                |        16 | **Sliding Slash**                                              | `A sliding attack that slashes the target twice. The slide maneuver reaches far, but lacks the ability to turn. Successfully landing the first hit or inputting the necessary command while sliding allows for a follow-up jumping attack.`
`ActionId_016`                |        17 | **Windmill**                                                   | `A multi-stage attack using a Wirebug's silk to spin the weapon around. Any incoming attack can be negated while the weapon is spinning. (Wirebug Gauge recovery speed: Fast)`
`ActionId_017`                |        18 | **Metsu Shoryugeki**                                           | `A jumping Wirebug attack that uses your shield to uppercut your target. At the beginning of the attack, there is a moment where you can perform a Guard. A well-timed counter can further add to the damage dealt. (Wirebug Gauge recovery speed: Medium)`
`ActionId_018`                |        19 | **Demon Flurry Rush**                                          | `A spinning multi-hit attack performed on the ground. Only available when Demon or Archdemon Mode is active. An effective move with reliable dash capabilities and versatility.`
`ActionId_019`                |        20 | **Demon Flight**                                               | `An attack performed by slamming down both blades. A successful hit vaults you into the air, slicing your target as you spin upwards. Highly effective against larger monsters and those with weak spots up high. Easy to follow up with a Midair Spinning Blade Dance.`
`ActionId_020`                |        21 | **Demon Mode**                                                 | `A move made to exceed one's limits. While active, your stamina gradually decreases while your attack and evasion change, resisting any knockback. Movement speed increases dramatically, allowing you to roam the field like a force of nature. Perfect for elemental attacks and going into Archdemon Mode.`
`ActionId_021`                |        22 | **Feral Demon Mode**                                           | `A move beyond the limits of any other. When active, your stamina gradually decreases while your attack and evasion change, resisting any knockback. You switch to an attack-focused stance, dealing slashing attacks when dodging.`
`ActionId_022`                |        23 | **Piercing Bind**                                              | `An attack that drives a blade bound by Ironsilk into the target like a stake. The blade remains connected to the hunter by Ironsilk, dealing additional slash damage to the same spot every time you attack. The added damage accumulates over time, eventually unleashing massive damage. (Wirebug Gauge recovery speed: Slow)`
`ActionId_023`                |        24 | **Tower Vault**                                                | `Launches a Wirebug upwards and you with it. This action does not do any damage, but allows you to move through the air in most cases, even with your weapon drawn. (Wirebug Gauge recovery speed: Fast)`
`ActionId_024`                |        25 | **Side Smash**                                                 | `A side swipe with the hammer. Can be used as a starting point for a Big Bang combo.`
`ActionId_025`                |        26 | **Water Strike**                                               | `An attack that allows you to absorb a monster's hit. Perform this attack right as you're about to be hit to negate the damage. When successful, it is possible to follow up with an upswing hammer attack.`
`ActionId_026`                |        27 | **Silkbind Spinning Bludgeon**                                 | `A spinning attack using a Wirebug. It moves along an arc pattern much like midair spinning attacks performed on a slope, but is just as effective on flat terrain. (Wirebug Gauge recovery speed: Fast)`
`ActionId_027`                |        28 | **Dash Breaker**                                               | `An attack performed by rushing forward with the help of a Wirebug. A simple skill evoking the philosophy of "beelining and then smashing." Enemy attacks won't cause knock- back while launching forward. (Wirebug Gauge recovery speed: Fast)`
`ActionId_028`                |        29 | **Charge Switch: Strength**                                    | `A special action affecting charge attacks. Lengthens required charge time, but allows for more powerful actions.`
`ActionId_029`                |        30 | **Charge Switch: Courage**                                     | `A special action that affects charge attacks. It decreases charging levels, but allows you to follow from one charge into another more quickly.`
`ActionId_030`                |        31 | **Overhead Smash**                                             | `A mighty attack that swings the hunting horn down from above. Effective in reducing the target's stamina.`
`ActionId_031`                |        32 | **Melodic Slap**                                               | `Swings the hunting horn around once, generating a forwards Sonic Smash. Low damage output but effective at stunning.`
`ActionId_032`                |        33 | **Melody Mode: Performance**                                   | `Changes the way melodies are played. Two attacks of the same note in a row generates the melody effect. Using <OPT Blader_ZR> plays the "Self-improvement" song. A mode focused on being aggressive.`
`ActionId_033`                |        34 | **Melody Mode: Echo**                                          | `Changes the way melodies are played. Press <OPT Blader_ZR> to play all melody effects built up on the musical staff as well as the "Self-improvement" song. A mode useful for applying various melody effects at once.`
`ActionId_034`                |        35 | **Bead of Resonance**                                          | `Places a Wirebug cocoon on the ground. If the same hunter generates melody effects, the effect also appears around the cocoon, as does as a Sonic Wave that damages monsters near it. (Wirebug Gauge recovery speed: Medium)`
`ActionId_035`                |        36 | **Earthshaker**                                                | `An attack that drives an Ironsilk-bound blade into the target like a stake. When it hits, the Wirebug and weapon are connected with silk. The vibrations of the weapon's sonic blast explode inside the target. (Wirebug Gauge recovery speed: Medium)`
`ActionId_036`                |        37 | **Anchor Rage**                                                | `A defensive skill requiring a shield and some patience. The technique is to efficiently brace and absorb the power of the incoming attack—a high-risk move, but the more powerful the attack you absorb, the more your attack power will increase. (Wirebug Gauge recovery speed: Medium)`
`ActionId_037`                |        38 | **Spiral Thrust**                                              | `A lightning-fast, two-step maneuver to reposition and counterattack. This attack uses your shield to parry, then uses a Wirebug to send you thrusting forward. Use it to confuse your target and unleash a wave of strikes. (Wirebug Gauge recovery speed: Medium)`
`ActionId_038`                |        39 | **Dash Attack**                                                | `A charging attack using the lance. You can continue to speed up for a certain amount of time by gaining momentum. The charge attack continues until you choose to cancel it, have no more stamina, or crash into a wall.`
`ActionId_039`                |        40 | **Shield Charge**                                              | `A charging attack with the shield up. You can dash for a limited amount of time while fending off attacks with the shield. Crashing into a monster will cause shield-based blunt damage, making it an offensive and defensive skill.`
`ActionId_040`                |        41 | **Guard**                                                      | `Ready your shield to block attacks. A large shield can defend against many an assault.`
`ActionId_041`                |        42 | **Insta-Block**                                                | `Swing the shield in an arching motion to parry attacks. This action works if an attack is blocked at the start of the guard move. Failing will leave you open to attacks, but succeeding can deflect the most powerful attack without being hit, and lets you follow up with a Cross Slash. Great for countering right after blocking.`
`ActionId_042`                |        43 | **Charged Shelling**                                           | `A shelling attack that utilizes residual heat. Unleashes a fortified shot, though this requires extra time to perform.`
`ActionId_043`                |        44 | **Blast Dash**                                                 | `An action that uses recoil to travel. By aiming the Gunlance backwards, the hunter is launched forward to quickly close in on the target. It is also possible to fire or perform a Blast Dash again while hurtling.`
`ActionId_044`                |        45 | **Hail Cutter**                                                | `Uses a Wirebug to launch you upwards performing a Rising Slash on the way up and an Overhead Smash on the way down. You can reload in midair, which reduces the cooldown time for Wyvern's Fire. (Wirebug Gauge recovery speed: Medium)`
`ActionId_045`                |        46 | **Ground Splitter**                                            | `Uses a Wirebug to move forward and jump into a vigorous upward slash. Scraping the gunlance on the ground heats up the barrel, temporarily increasing the damage dealt by shells, Wyrmstake Shots, and Wyvern's Fire. (Wirebug Gauge recovery speed: Slow)`
`ActionId_046`                |        47 | **Quick Reload**                                               | `An action for shell reloads. Allows for quicker shell reloading after an attack. While it reloads shells to max capacity, it does not reload Wyrmstake Shots.`
`ActionId_047`                |        48 | **Guard Reload**                                               | `Reload while guarding with your shield. A highly effective skill that lets you reload both shells and the Wyrmstake, but reloads fewer rounds at once. The difference in rounds reloaded is negligible if using Gunlances with smaller capacity.`
`ActionId_048`                |        49 | **Forward Slash**                                              | `Thrusts the axe's blade forward while stepping. Doesn't do a lot of damage, but is versatile.`
`ActionId_049`                |        50 | **Forward Overhead Slash**                                     | `A lunging attack performed by winding up the axe and smashing it down. Difficult to pull off but delivers good damage. A subsequent Sword Mode attack will turn into a Double Slash.`
`ActionId_050`                |        51 | **Finishing Discharge**                                        | `A finishing blow for the Element Discharge attack. Performs a thrust attack while fortifying elemental energy, ending with a massive explosion. If your Amp Gauge is full and the target is a large monster, the action becomes a Zero Sum Discharge Finisher.`
`ActionId_051`                |        52 | **Compressed Finishing Discharge**                             | `A finishing blow for the Element Discharge attack. Puts you into a knockback-resistant stance and delivers a swift strike accompanied by an elemental explosion. The Amp Gauge has no effect on this action.`
`ActionId_052`                |        53 | **Invincible Gambit**                                          | `A technique using a Wirebug to surge forward and dish out three strikes. You will be impervious to knockdowns until the strikes are completed, making this attack useful in a slugfest or pinch. (Wirebug Gauge recovery speed: Medium)`
`ActionId_053`                |        54 | **Soaring Wyvern Blade**                                       | `Uses a Wirebug to fly up while slashing, ending with an Advancing Slash from midair. If the Advancing Slash is successful, the weapon's Amp Gauge fills up, a large explosion goes off where it connected. (Wirebug Gauge recovery speed: Medium)`
`ActionId_054`                |        55 | **Condensed Element Slash**                                    | `While charging, elemental energy gathers on the sword to strengthen it and generate a powerful bash effect. The damage dealt by the sword tempo- rarily increases, and incurs additional damage. Reinforcing the sword with this skill, however, requires the shield to also be elementally boosted.`
`ActionId_055`                |        56 | **Condensed Spinning Slash**                                   | `Activates the Element Regeneration system while charging. The shield rotates and acts as a spinning saw blade. This technique switches the weapon into Axe Mode, allowing multiple hits until the mode is disengaged. Longer hits in Axe Mode turn the energy into phials.`
`ActionId_056`                |        57 | **Morph Slash**                                                | `Sword to axe, axe to sword. This switching attack forms the basis of a Charge Blade. Right as the weapon begins switching to an axe, or right as it is about to finish switching to a sword, the shield is raised to block incoming attacks.`
`ActionId_057`                |        58 | **Counter Morph Slash**                                        | `A defense-focused switching attack with a longer blocking effect. The weapon can block attacks as it's switching to either Axe or Sword Mode. If an attack is successfully blocked during the switch, the follow-up Element Discharge Slash's damage increases.`
`ActionId_058`                |        59 | **Counter Peak Performance**                                   | `A Guard technique using Wirebug silk. If an attack is successfully blocked, phials are filled, and you can lead into various attack-focused actions. (Wirebug Gauge recovery speed: Medium)`
`ActionId_059`                |        60 | **Axe Hopper**                                                 | `Slam the axe overhead, using recoil and Ironsilk to propel you up into the air. While going upwards, you can unleash a powerful Element Discharge. (Wirebug Gauge recovery speed: Medium)`
`ActionId_060`                |        61 | **Leaping Slash**                                              | `A downward slash technique performed while lunging forward. This attack can negate knockbacks without Orange Extracts. A versatile skill that can reach higher areas with its attack.`
`ActionId_061`                |        62 | **Advancing Roundslash**                                       | `An attack performed by spinning forward like a top. When attacked during the spin, you will use that force to jump up. Note: This only happens while you still have momentum.`
`ActionId_062`                |        63 | **Tornado Slash**                                              | `A hefty slash performed after a bludgeoning attack, using the entire body to swing the weapon. The second strike is particularly powerful while remaining versatile.`
`ActionId_063`                |        64 | **Tetraseal Slash**                                            | `An attack that delivers four concentrated strikes. One of these strikes will mark the monster, which will attract Powder Type Kinsects.`
`ActionId_064`                |        65 | **Recall Kinsect**                                             | `An emergency evasion performed with a Wirebug that recalls your Kinsect. As the Kinsect returns, it will perform spinning attacks that scatter healing extracts. Its stamina will fully recover as it returns, and its stamina depletion will be reduced for a while afterwards. (Wirebug Gauge recovery speed: Medium)`
`ActionId_065`                |        66 | **Diving Wyvern**                                              | `A devastating dive attack that uses a Wirebug to pull you downward with great force. The attack has a small damage radius, but that means the damage is highly focused. (Wirebug Gauge recovery speed: Medium)`
`ActionId_066`                |        67 | **Reload**                                                     | `Executes a reload. Reload speed depends on ammo type and the weapon's capabilities.`
`ActionId_067`                |        68 | **Elemental Reload**                                           | `Reloads shots using a special mechanism. Its reload speed is somewhat slower than the standard, but it increases the damage output of elemental shots, and the effect of status-inflicting ammo.`
`ActionId_068`                |        69 | **Forward Dodge**                                              | `An evasive maneuver that you can perform when your weapon is drawn. As gunners are more likely to be in danger from being hit, evasive maneuvers to keep distance from their target is important.`
`ActionId_069`                |        70 | **Quickstep Evade**                                            | `A quickstep evasive maneuver that you can perform when your weapon is drawn. The distance covered is much smaller than the standard evade, but requires less time to recover. Ammo fired immediately after executing this move does increased damage.`
`ActionId_070`                |        71 | **Fanning Vault**                                              | `A jumping action using Wirebugs. Shots can be fired while in midair. While airborne, you can fire Wyvernblasts directly underneath to land a direct hit on a monster. (Wirebug Gauge recovery speed: Fast)`
`ActionId_071`                |        72 | **Fanning Maneuver**                                           | `A maneuver using a Wirebug and centrifugal force to quickly flank left or right. Also temporarily ups attack power. Shots can be fired while in motion. (Wirebug Gauge recovery speed: Fast)`
`ActionId_072`                |        73 | **Melee Attack**                                               | `A bludgeoning attack delivered by directly smashing with the weapon. Delivers impressive damage, and may even stun your target. If a shield is equipped, incoming attacks can be blocked while executing your attack.`
`ActionId_073`                |        74 | **Tackle**                                                     | `A shoulder check with robust functionality. Prevents flinching and knockback when attacked, making it useful for offensive situations. However, the damage received is significant, so caution is advised.`
`ActionId_074`                |        75 | **Counter Shot**                                               | `A parrying skill using Wirebugs. Absorbs an attack from a monster without taking any damage. Follow up with a powerful counterattack. (Wirebug Gauge recovery speed: Fast)`
`ActionId_075`                |        76 | **Counter Charger**                                            | `A parrying technique using a Wirebug. Absorbs an attack from a monster without taking any damage. Will shorten the amount of time needed for a Charged Shot, while also accelerating gauge recovery and cutting overheat time with Crouching Shots. (Wirebug Gauge recovery speed: Fast)`
`ActionId_076`                |        77 | **Mech-Wyvernsnipe**                                           | `Fires a specialized shot, different depending on the weapon. The number of rounds is managed via its own gauge, and replenishes over time.`
`ActionId_077`                |        78 | **Healing Mech-Wyvernsnipe**                                   | `Fires a specialized shot, different depending on the weapon. The number of rounds is managed via its own gauge and replenishes over time. Regular Wyvernheart and Wyvernsnipe shells inflict less damage, but hits will replenish the hunter's health.`
`ActionId_078`                |        79 | **Power Shot**                                                 | `A regular shot followed by a particularly powerful shot. Fires shots with a higher level of charge than usual. (Does not exceed maximum level.)`
`ActionId_079`                |        80 | **Absolute Power Shot**                                        | `A regular shot followed by a particularly powerful shot. Fires shots with a higher level of charge than usual. (Does not exceed maximum level.) Standard Power Shots will cost more stamina, but potentially stun the target.`
`ActionId_080`                |        81 | **Charging Sidestep**                                          | `An evasive skill that covers a lot of ground. You can raise your charge level while dodging, and you can control the direction you dodge in by tilting <ICON PL_ANALOG_LS> forward, backwards, left, or right.`
`ActionId_081`                |        82 | **Dodgebolt**                                                  | `A spinning evade that doubles as an attack. Baiting the attack and making it a near-miss can fill up the charge level considerably. Also allows you to move forward, backwards, left, or right, and increases the effect of coatings on melee attacks.`
`ActionId_082`                |        83 | **Focus Shot**                                                 | `A Wirebug-based evasion action. After landing, crouching will cause stamina to recover at a rapid pace. (Wirebug Gauge recovery speed: Fast)`
`ActionId_083`                |        84 | **Aerial Aim**                                                 | `An action for firing arrows by jumping straight up with a Wirebug. Particularly damaging shots can be fired from midair. A close-range attack using an arrow can also be aimed directly underneath you. (Wirebug Gauge recovery speed: Medium)`
`ActionId_084`                |        85 | **Charged Slash Combo**                                        | `The bread-and-butter great sword combo. Built off of the Charged Slash, many a hunter knows this combo by heart.`
`ActionId_085`                |        86 | **Surge Slash Combo**                                          | `An offensive style that combines speed with the weight of the weapon to unleash a stream of powerful slashes. Proper footwork is required, but allows for a large number of combos.`
`ActionId_086`                |        87 | **Strongarm Stance**                                           | `A technique that uses Ironsilk to reinforce both your arms and weapon temporarily to fend off attacks. If used while charging, you can quickly parry an attack and then unleash a fierce onslaught afterwards. (Wirebug Gauge recovery speed: Fast)`
`ActionId_087`                |        88 | **<REF HN_WeaponControlsMsg_exname_GreatSword_05>**            | `A Wirebug technique to prepare for the next attack, auto-sheathing as you draw in and boosting attack power briefly. You can either close the gap ready for the next attack, or pull back to evade, making this an all-round technique. (Wirebug Gauge recovery speed: Fast)`
`ActionId_088`                |        89 | **Backslide**                                                  | `A quick evasive move using a Wirebug. Watch for an opening while charging and upping attack level, and maintain charge during Surge Slash Combo-based moves. Fine tune your evasive move with <ICON PL_ANALOG_LS>. (Wirebug Gauge recovery speed: Fast)`
`ActionId_089`                |        90 | **Special Sheathe Combo**                                      | `A special sheathe that can be performed after attacking. Both of its follow-up attacks fill the Spirit Gauge. An Iai Slash automatically increases Spirit Gauge. Successfully countering a monster attack with an Iai Spirit Slash unleashes a powerful flash and raises the Spirit Gauge by one level.`
`ActionId_090`                |        91 | **Sacred Sheathe Combo**                                       | `A slow methodical movement that can be executed following an attack. Upon sheathing your weapon, you can harness the increased spirit to unleash a follow-up slash. The power of the slash increases according to the level of the Spirit Gauge. If you are attacked before the sheathe is finished, you will automatically counter the attack, consuming one level of Spirit Gauge, canceling the sheathe.`
`ActionId_091`                |        92 | **Tempered Spirit Blade**                                      | `A decisive Silkbind maneuver that parries any incoming monster attack with a Spirit Blade. Timing is key if you want to successfully parry an attack, but doing so will fill your Spirit Gauge and raise it one level. (Wirebug Gauge recovery speed: Fast)`
`ActionId_092`                |        93 | **<REF HN_WeaponControlsMsg_exname_LongSword_07>**             | `A move that casts out Ironsilk, and auto- matically counters any incoming attack. Like a reflection of the moon, it's visible, but untouchable. If a hit is countered, one level of Spirit Gauge will be consumed. (Wirebug Gauge recovery speed: Fast)`
`ActionId_093`                |        94 | **Harvest Moon**                                               | `A move that casts out an Ironsilk ring that narrows your range of attack, but boosts spirit so you can go on the offensive. Within the ring, your Spirit Gauge won't deplete, and if you perform any counter attacks, it will add additional hits. (Wirebug Gauge recovery speed: Fast)`
`ActionId_094`                |        95 | **<REF HN_WeaponControlsMsg_skill_ShortSword_13>**             | `A two-hit attack that uses both the sword and shield. This traditional combo opens with a horizontal shield swipe and then follows up with a stepping downward slash.`
`ActionId_095`                |        96 | **Twin Blade Combo**                                           | `A two-part attack that opens with a circular slash and follows up with a blade thrust. An easy attack to get multiple hits in with, so ideal for weapons with high elemental and status properties.`
`ActionId_096`                |        97 | **Destroyer Oil**                                              | `Uses a Wirebug to cover your blade with a special ointment whose effects trigger if ignited by friction with your shield, also recovering some sharpness. While active, monsters flinch more easily, creating more openings for attack. (Wirebug Gauge recovery speed: Medium)`
`ActionId_097`                |        98 | **<REF HN_WeaponControlsMsg_skill_ShortSword_28>**             | `A technique that uses a Wirebug to leap forward and attack. If the attack lands, you will perform a Scaling Slash which can be chained into various finishing attacks. (Wirebug Gauge recovery speed: Fast)`
`ActionId_098`                |        99 | **Shield Bash**                                                | `A combined offensive and defensive move using a Wirebug to dash forward with your shield raised. If the attack connects with a monster, you can instantly follow up with a variety of attacks. If timed right, you can even parry an incoming attack and then continue your assault. (Wirebug Gauge recovery speed: Fast)`
`ActionId_099`                |       100 | **Roundslash Combo**                                           | `A slashing attack that allows you to reposition. Use this attack to continue a combo or change direction giving you the ability to keep up the pressure on a targeted spot.`
`ActionId_100`                |       101 | **Slide Slash Combo**                                          | `Float like a butterfly, sting like a bee. This technique allows you to attack while evading, and if you work it into your combos, you can unleash a relentless attack that's difficult to defend against.`
`ActionId_101`                |       102 | **Spiral Slash**                                               | `A Silkbind attack that launches you spiraling forwards. Once your attack connects, your body acts as a drill as your blades bore into your target's flesh. Note: You can also perform a Spiral Slash midair. (Wirebug Gauge recovery speed: Medium)`
`ActionId_102`                |       103 | **<REF HN_WeaponControlsMsg_skill_DualBlades_27>**             | `A technique that uses a Wirebug to close in rapidly on the enemy, while instantly countering any attacks. Perfect for a good start in battle, as you can jump straight to the heart of the action without fear of taking a hit. (Wirebug Gauge recovery speed: Medium)`
`ActionId_103`                |       104 | **Ironshine Silk**                                             | `An ingenious Silkbind technique that uses turbulence from evading to sharpen your blades. Even with Shrouded Vault, and other evades, sharpness recovers if you time it right. (Wirebug Gauge recovery speed: Fast)`
`ActionId_104`                |       105 | **<REF HN_WeaponControlsMsg_skill_Hammer_18>**                 | `Charge as you advance to unleash a devastating spinning attack. The attack hits with each rotation allowing you to land multiple successive blows. In addition, the number of rotations determines which attack can be performed next.`
`ActionId_105`                |       106 | **Spinning Bludgeon: Charge**                                  | `A technique that stores released power and funnels it into the next Charge Switch attack. Power is built up when performing a Spinning Bludgeon. The charge level is then maintained when executing a Charge Switch. Make good use of this to unleash a series of level 3 charged attacks.`
`ActionId_106`                |       107 | **Keeping Sway**                                               | `A maneuver that uses a Wirebug to quickly evade an attack at high speed. By using a Wirebug, you're able to maintain your charge during the evade. (Wirebug Gauge recovery speed: Fast)`
`ActionId_107`                |       108 | **<REF HN_WeaponControlsMsg_skill_Hammer_46>**                 | `A Silkbind attack that makes you leap in the air and come down with multiple earth-shattering strikes. The power of the attack and number of hits you'll land are determined by your charge level at the start of the attack. (Wirebug Gauge recovery speed: Fast)`
`ActionId_108`                |       109 | **Impact Burst**                                               | `A Silkbind attack that wraps your weapon in Ironsilk. For a short period of time, any charged attack performed causes the silk to vibrate, creating a shockwave that makes it easier to flinch monsters. (Wirebug Gauge recovery speed: Medium)`
`ActionId_109`                |       110 | **Crush Attack Combo**                                         | `A combo that uses Swing and Crush attacks. Useful from a fixed position and from close range. The combo loop varies depending on button input.`
`ActionId_110`                |       111 | **Swing Combo**                                                | `A two-hit attack that can be delivered from either the left or right. This allows you to quickly shift directions, making it useful for repositioning.`
`ActionId_111`                |       112 | **Sonic Bloom**                                                | `Places a Wirebug cocoon on the ground that's tethered to you with Ironsilk. When attacking, vibrations are sent to the silk and stored in the cocoon, which gradually swells. After a certain number of Perform- ances, the energy stored detonates, dealing stun and exhaust damage. (Wirebug Gauge recovery speed: Medium)`
`ActionId_112`                |       113 | **<REF HN_WeaponControlsMsg_skill_Horn_17>**                   | `A technique that uses a Wirebug to push ahead with repeated attacks, punctuated by a performance that buffs strength. It serves the dual purpose of closing in on your enemy and boosting your power. (Wirebug Gauge recovery speed: Fast)`
`ActionId_113`                |       114 | **Silkbind Shockwave**                                         | `A Silkbind attack that wraps your weapon in Ironsilk. For a short period of time, any attack performed causes the silk to vibrate, creating a time-delayed shockwave that triggers additional hits. These additional hits do major stun, exhaust, and part damage. (Wirebug Gauge recovery speed: Medium)`
`ActionId_114`                |       115 | **Guard Dash**                                                 | `A technique that allows mobility while guarding with your shield. If performed after an attack you can move in any direction, forward, backward, left, and right.`
`ActionId_115`                |       116 | **Shield Tackle**                                              | `A technique where you charge forward with your shield raised. As your shield is raised, you're able to guard against incoming attacks. You can also follow up with a variety of thrusting attacks. Watch for an opening and then unleash an unrelenting series of attacks.`
`ActionId_116`                |       117 | **Skyward Thrust**                                             | `A technique where a Wirebug launches you high into the air. Thrust your lance towards the heavens and then pierce the earth. Note: The falling portion of the attack inflicts multiple hits. (Wirebug Gauge recovery speed: Medium)`
`ActionId_117`                |       118 | **<REF HN_WeaponControlsMsg_skill_Lance_37>**                  | `A technique that draws a monster's attention by thrusting a kunai tethered with Ironsilk into it. While the kunai is lodged, the hunter can leap in close to the target with a Closed Jump. In addition, stamina consumption while guarding is reduced. (Wirebug Gauge recovery speed: Medium)`
`ActionId_118`                |       119 | **Sheathing Retreat**                                          | `A technique that automatically sheathes your weapon while using a Wirebug to pull you backwards out of harm's way. No matter how effective your shield is, if you sense life-threatening danger, retreat is the wisest choice. (Wirebug Gauge recovery speed: Slow)`
`ActionId_119`                |       120 | **<REF HN_WeaponControlsMsg_skill_GunLance_07>**               | `An attack that impales a monster with a stake from your gunlance. The effects of each stake differs depending on the gunlance's shelling type. Normal and long shelling types detonate after multiple hits, while the wide shelling type only detonates a single blast, but can stun monsters.`
`ActionId_120`                |       121 | **Erupting Cannon**                                            | `This technique involves firing an exploding stake into your target. When using the Eruption Cannon, the tip of the gunlance heats up and slashing attacks are enhanced for a certain period of time.`
`ActionId_121`                |       122 | **Bullet Barrage**                                             | `Uses a Wirebug to Blast Dash toward your target, unleashing everything with abandon. Be careful: Shells, Wyrmstake Cannon, and Wyvern's Fire will automatically be reloaded first before performing the attack. (Wirebug Gauge recovery speed: Medium)`
`ActionId_122`                |       123 | **<REF HN_WeaponControlsMsg_skill_GunLance_30>**               | `A strong blocking stance utilizing Wirebug silk. You also enjoy bonus sharpness recovery if you get the timing right. After a successful guard, you can combo into a variety of different attacks. (Wirebug Gauge recovery speed: Medium)`
`ActionId_123`                |       124 | **Reverse Blast**                                              | `A rapid, backward evasive maneuver using a Wirebug to stop. If no shells are loaded, you'll do a quick reload, so act with caution. (Wirebug Gauge recovery speed: Fast)`
`ActionId_124`                |       125 | **<REF HN_WeaponControlsMsg_skill_SlashAxe_11>**               | `A technique that closes the distance to your target by using the centrifugal force of swinging with an Axe: Wild Swing. Useful for when the target is out of swinging range, or when you want to get in close for Sword Mode attacks.`
`ActionId_125`                |       126 | **2-Staged Morph Slash Combo**                                 | `A two-staged Morph Slash attack that follows an Axe: Wild Swing. 1st Stage: Morphs into Sword Mode. 2nd Stage: Morphs into Axe Mode. During this combo, the power of Sword Mode attacks increase and Axe Mode attacks fill the Switch Gauge faster.`
`ActionId_126`                |       127 | **Elemental Burst Counter**                                    | `Compresses Switch Gauge energy, that can be released as an Elemental Burst. If the burst is released right as a monster attacks, you'll perform a Power Finisher and your switch axe will go into an Amped State. (Wirebug Gauge recovery speed: Fast)`
`ActionId_127`                |       128 | **<REF HN_WeaponControlsMsg_skill_SlashAxe_36>**               | `A technique that uses a Wirebug to restore your Switch Gauge as you move. Once active, your Switch Gauge won't deplete for a while, so use this technique to gain the advantage at the start of battle. (Wirebug Gauge recovery speed: Medium)`
`ActionId_128`                |       129 | **Wire Step**                                                  | `A Wirebug-based evasion technique that allows you to morph into Axe Mode while flanking the enemy. Highly effective for maneuvering while in Axe Mode. (Wirebug Gauge recovery speed: Fast)`
`ActionId_129`                |       130 | **Phial Follow-up**                                            | `A mechanism in which a small explosion is triggered by Shield Thrust during Elemental Boost or by sword attacks while in Sword Boost Mode. Functions as support when attacking in Sword Mode.`
`ActionId_130`                |       131 | **Phial Follow-up: Firing Pin**                                | `A mechanism that lowers the pressure of elemental energy generated through Shield Thrust during Elemental Boost, or by sword attacks while in Sword Boost Mode. The elemental energy generated builds up on your target, but disappears over time. It can be detonated by any attack in Axe Mode, and extending the time limit of the Elemental Boost.`
`ActionId_131`                |       132 | **Ready Stance**                                               | `A Silkbind maneuver that binds sword and axe together with Ironsilk. After guarding, a heavy knockback leaves you in Sword Mode, and lowers your guard reaction so you're able to chain sword/axe attacks. (Wirebug Gauge recovery speed: Fast)`
`ActionId_132`                |       133 | **<REF HN_WeaponControlsMsg_skill_ChargeAxe_33>**              | `A Silkbind technique for quickly closing the distance to your target while morphing into Axe Mode. While advancing, you're immune to knock- backs and attacks that send you flying. You can also follow up by morphing back into Sword Mode. (Wirebug Gauge recovery speed: Fast)`
`ActionId_133`                |       134 | **Air Dash**                                                   | `A Wirebug-based technique where you rise up while whirling an axe, then propel yourself away with a Phial Explosion. Damage often leaves monsters mountable, and you can control your fall direction to some degree. If no Phial Explosion is detonated, you'll fall straight down. (Wirebug Gauge recovery speed: Fast)`
`ActionId_134`                |       135 | **<REF HN_WeaponControlsMsg_skill_InsectGlaive_08>**           | `A technique that consumes stamina to perform a midair slash. If you have red extract absorbed, you'll perform a multi-hit Strong Jumping Advancing Slash instead. Landing either Slash will follow up with a Vaulting Dance.`
`ActionId_135`                |       136 | **Kinsect Slash**                                              | `A mid-air technique where you thrust forward with your glaive and Kinsect. If the slash connects, you'll perform a Vaulting Dance, absorbing extract. However, once you've absorbed red extract with Kinsect Slash, you won't be able to absorb any other extract with it, but you'll be able to perform an Enhanced Insect Spiker as a trade-off.`
`ActionId_136`                |       137 | **Awakened Kinsect Attack**                                    | `A technique where you hurl a Kinsect to inflict massive damage. All extracts are consumed and the more extract you have, the more potent this attack will be. After launching the Kinsect, you'll close in using a Wirebug; simultaneously absorbing extract, marking the target, and then chaining into a Vaulting Dance. (Wirebug Gauge recovery speed: Medium)`
`ActionId_137`                |       138 | **<REF HN_WeaponControlsMsg_skill_InsectGlaive_29>**           | `A Silkbind attack in which you perform a forward-leaping attack. Also useable midair, you can close in on a target quickly by following up with either a Midair Evade or Jumping Advancing Slash. (Wirebug Gauge recovery speed: Fast)`
`ActionId_138`                |       139 | **Kinsect Glide**                                              | `A technique that sends your Kinsect out and uses a Wirebug to quickly jump to it. The Kinsect normally aims for a marker, but in the absence of a marker, it will fly forward or follow the reticle. When your Kinsect comes in contact with a monster, it'll absorb extract. (Wirebug Gauge recovery speed: Fast)`
`ActionId_139`                |       140 | **Marksman**                                                   | `A style of shooting that draws out the true potential of ammo.`
`ActionId_140`                |       141 | **Critical Firepower**                                         | `A special shooting style that further raises damage output but narrows critical distance and increases recoil. Because the distance at which the power of ammo is most effective has been reduced, you will need to be aware and adjust your firing position. Note: Does not apply to certain ammo types.`
`ActionId_141`                |       142 | **Wyvern Counter**                                             | `An urgent retreat that fires a shot with massive recoil, using a Wirebug to stop. While not a powerful attack, its true value comes when it's used to evade incoming attacks. If timed right, you'll retreat with an explosive exit that can even neutralize breath attacks. (Wirebug Gauge recovery speed: Fast)`
`ActionId_142`                |       143 | **<REF HN_WeaponControlsMsg_exname_LightBowgun_03>**           | `A technique that uses a Wirebug to pull you forward. If can be followed up with a powerful close-range attack that blasts Ironsilk into the target dealing severing damage. After the attack, whatever ammo was previously loaded will be automatically reloaded. (Wirebug Gauge recovery speed: Medium)`
`ActionId_143`                |       144 | **Mech Silkbind Shot**                                         | `Purified ammo is loaded with Ironsilk, allowing you to unleash an onslaught of shots. Each shot laced with Ironsilk lodges into the monster, and if any follow-up attacks hit the lodged ammo, the silk reacts, increasing the chance of leaving the part broken or the monster mountable. (Wirebug Gauge recovery speed: Medium)`
`ActionId_144`                |       145 | **<REF HN_WeaponControlsMsg_exname_HeavyBowgun_03>**           | `A style of shooting that accumulates power by charging a shot. The amount of power a shot is increased by is determined by how long the shot was charged.`
`ActionId_145`                |       146 | **Crouching Shot**                                             | `A style of shooting that utilizes a special stance to reduce recoil. In exchange for not being able to move, you're able to fire in rapid succession. The longer you fire, the shorter the firing interval becomes, but at the risk of overheating your bowgun. If your bowgun overheats, it can't be fired until it has cooled down. Note: Certain ammo types cannot be used.`
`ActionId_146`                |       147 | **Rising Moon**                                                | `A Silkbind technique in which a Wirebug generates a ring of Ironsilk. Special powder accumulates within the ring, and when ammo passes through it, the velocity of the ammo increases, and in turn, extends the ammo's range. This can make certain ammo types viable from farther away. (Wirebug Gauge recovery speed: Fast)`
`ActionId_147`                |       148 | **<REF HN_WeaponControlsMsg_exname_HeavyBowgun_05>**           | `Advance like a raging wildfire. This technique uses a Wirebug to pull you while you glide forward. It can be used to evade attack and adjust position. (Wirebug Gauge recovery speed: Fast)`
`ActionId_148`                |       149 | **Setting Sun**                                                | `A Silkbind technique in which a Wirebug generates a ring of Ironsilk. Special powder accumulates within the ring, and when ammo passes through it, the velocity of the ammo is decreased. Firing piercing ammo/multi-hit ammo through the ring will boost the total number of hits upon impact. (Wirebug Gauge recovery speed: Fast)`
`ActionId_149`                |       150 | **<REF HN_WeaponControlsMsg_skill_common_10>**                 | `A basic melee attack. If you perform a Charging Sidestep after a Melee Attack, you can follow-up with a Lunging Melee Attack. Both melee attacks will have the same effect as your currently applied coating but won't consume it.`
`ActionId_150`                |       151 | **Stake Thrust**                                               | `An attack that thrusts an explosive stake into your target. The stake reacts to follow-up attacks, dealing extra damage to the target. The amount of extra damage dealt is determined by type of arrow loosed.`
`ActionId_151`                |       152 | **Butcher's Bind**                                             | `Fires an arrow loaded with Ironsilk. If the follow-up arrow lands in the same spot as the first, Ironsilk winds around both arrows, inflicting severing damage. If the second arrow is off target, the lodged arrow disappears. (Wirebug Gauge recovery speed: Medium)`
`ActionId_152`                |       153 | **<REF HN_WeaponControlsMsg_exname_Bow_04>**                   | `A maneuver using a Wirebug to boost bow- drawing strength. Shots can be fired while evading. (Wirebug Gauge recovery speed: Fast)`
`ActionId_153`                |       154 | **Bolt Boost**                                                 | `A maneuver that twines Ironsilk around your arrow. This move deals damage more effectively, and thus requires range adjustment. Activates Super Critical Range, boosting damage within that range for a set time. (Wirebug Gauge recovery speed: Medium)`
`Max`                         |       155 | **##### Invalid Message ID #####**                             | `##### Invalid Message ID #####`
`SnowMax`                     |        85 | **Charged Slash Combo**                                        | `The bread-and-butter great sword combo. Built off of the Charged Slash, many a hunter knows this combo by heart.`
